I want to register





Hello. I sent an email weeks ago and i still haven't got a reply. It was regarding international students who wish to apply





Good day,

I was wondering when the open day will be? I passed the online tests before the lockdown. 

Thank you,
Siyabonga Spelman





I wrote a critical thinking test on the 7th of December at JHB Campus. We were informed that we’ll all receive our results/ feedback within a week, which is 7 days. I’m anxious and clueless Because I haven’t received anything from the School. 
I have sent numerous emails still no reply





Hello there I was wondering if you could help me I managed to play the online application for three hours so I did send an email to guys but I haven't received any confirmation email so not to rude there on same how ????? please help if u did receive an email like msibixolani315@gmail.com please let me know





I show great interest in your initiative and would like to enquire on how I can join or be a part .





Good evening! Wanted to confirm about the opening day on the 12th of this month? Is it really happening and if so, how do i access directions and all?





Dear wethinkcode 


I'm kheli I participated in the wethinkcode Bootcamp from the 12th to the 17th of April.


I just came to a realization that I may have made a mistake in the process of submitting my daily Edu flow exercises and assignments, I use the username Kheli020_hedy instead of the one I was given which is mndebele020. I just wanted to ask if that will somehow affect my grades seeing that I used my student email as well which is mndebele020@student.wethinkcode.co.za. 

The reason I used a different username is that it is the same one I used for my slack account and I didn't know if we were supposed to use the email one.


I'd like to hear back from you.


Yours sincerely 

Kheli





I would like to know if it possible to apply from The Gambia





Hi

I attempted to sign up after receiving confirmation emails which took me to official site but it keep reloading the same page.

Please assist further.





Hello, how are you? My name is Joseph Marlon Mabeka, from Zimbabwe. Taking on the quiz posted on WTC instagram page and been able to solve the puzzles. Made me   keen to enroll at WTC. I tried the online application unfortunately it requires a visa for non south african applicants. I don't have a South African  visa.


 I visited the South African embassy  in my country to enquire about the visa application. They require an acceptance letter from the school.(WTC).


I also understand that you can't not give me an acceptance letter, until have taken the application test and been successful in the bootcamp.


I'm wondering if I can come to South Africa and take the exam on campus?


Kind regards





Help i want to learn how to code





Hi there. I just got an email saying I haven't passed the bootcamp. I would just like some feedback as to why I never made it in?





hi wethinkcode team i was just asking when are the open days coming up,thank you in advance for your response.





Hello..I have applied and I'm waiting for the tests how long should I wait?





Good day when is wethinkcode application open for 2021.





Hello team WTC

I would love to learn how to code, I studied IT L2 and L3 in college...





Hi guys . I want to ask 1 question. Can i still apply for your program even though I'm currently studying ?





Hi there, are applications for 2021 open?





Oh okay will do thanks





Do you have classes starting around June/July?





Morning I want to enquire how can I apply under your institution





What are your bootcamp dates and how long are they





I’ll try doing that and if I have a problem I’ll contact you again





I have been greeted with a screen telling me that i did not met the requirements to pass from the beginning of the new year but as of today that has changed and now i have received a screen informing me that i have passed the first stage of the application process. Thank you for taking the time to reply to my issue but it has been resolved, thank you .





The test ???😅🤔, is this a bot





Hi there where do I apply





So I wanna join for next year when do I have to register





And where do I get hold of the booking form of it





Thank you.  It is.





Hi when does the Feb Bootcamp start? And when should I come in to register?





Thank you very much for your assistance. They did respond and my son will be attending a boot camp as per our booking. I really appreciate your responses and intervention. God bless





Hey there listen umm I read the reviews of WTC and I came across a comment/statement that learning at WTC as a black person is very uncomfortable is this true





I see that my application is still paused and I just wanted to know if you were able to sort out the issue? Thanks in advance

Kind Regards
Nathan Jephtha





How to apply or Application for next are still available?





You don't reply





Hi I registered  for testing  day and haven't  received  anything





So meaning i should come to the campus or that date am writing a test in python 3 or session can u please help me am new thank you i wanna know how to prepare myself





And send in the details later??





Do we have to physically be in SA to start the boot camp in Durban? 
If so, I’ll make the necessary arrangements to move back to SA. 
Any assistance regarding my situation and best plan of action would be greatly appreciated





Good day

I trust that this finds you well.

I would like to know more about the boot camp that's taking place on the 17th - 22nd May 2021.

I have since been trying to get ahold of you to no avail. My email is marilynnkomo28@gmail.com alternately you can call me on 0613816427/ 0765081042

Your response is  highly appreciated





To learn mor about programminga... Please assist





Hi it has been sorted. Samkelo Gigaba managed to assist me. 
Thank you





Hello I’m trying to apply but it’s not applying what should I do





Hi
Can you please recommend me close accommodations to wethinkcode Johannesburg camp so I can book before my January selection bootcamp please.. 🙏





Do you know the dates of the selection bootcamp?





Hi I'm trying to apply for 2020 but it still shows last years results. Can you please inform me on what I should do?





It is hectic. Felt so surreal being there 😭





Good day my email is not getting emails from wethinkcode (sunnygudazi@hotmail.co.za) just done the session 7 bootcamp and I hope my results of the bootcamp you DM them here if my email is not working properly





Okay Thank you for responding. I appreciate it will do just that





Good day trust this email find you well. Iam currently doing my grade 11. Next year im in matric and i have a passion for coding. Is it posible i come learn some few things





Thank You .I will do so





hello, i am highly interested in joining the wethinkcode community but am unable to complete my application due to me being a non citizen . I do have the necessary documents required to study in south africa





Are registrations open?





Thanks for your reply I'll update you with the details as soon as we hold a meetup.. and it will be a final meetup since we are about to write exams





Closing date next week what day?





Hey. The latest post on Twitter and Insta say Ada Loveday when they mean Ada Lovelace. Please can whoever is posting change them





Thank you the issue was sorted





How come I am not from South Africa?





Good Day, who do I chat to in regaining access back into my account





What GUI library did they use? 🙄





Katherinedenniso@yahoo.com





Okay will it be available next year?





Thank you, will do.





Do you have any bootcamps planned for Durban?





Are 2021 applications open?





Is there any way to prepare for the bootcamp





Good Day, I would like to enroll for 2019, how do I go about it





